How is this possible with so much money?
That's enough money to give you a few slaps
Does this have to be over a million?
How could this trash have so much money?
Ahahaha
I see.
You must have gambled the money
Where do you care where my money comes from?
The money is here
Are you qualified to delete you now?
Ouch, you bet
What are you looking like?
Sooner or later, you are not going to lose it back.
How much did you lose?
I won so little back
What are you so proud of?
You are short-sighted
ignorance
When will you still look at people with the same old eyes?
This money came from Yigu's ancient records in ancient times
That's not possible.
This trash can only gamble
How could he trade stocks?
Oops, I'm the general manager of Summer Foods.
Don't you believe what I said?
You are Xiaolian's best friend.
Who knows if you will cooperate with this autumn
Are you acting?
Mr. Xia, this money
It's the stock exchange
Dividend to Mr. Yi Qiu
This is -- this is in the millions.
Ah!
This is a gambler
Are you really rich?